## Usage

Create a file in `/config` called `local.config.yml`. In this file you can
override any of the wp-drupalvm settings, which will in turn, override the
drupalvm defaults.

If you reset the hostname, you *MUST* rename the synced folders destination.
Otherwise, you will run into problems and have to manually rename the directory 
after running vagrant up.

```
vagrant_hostname: newsitename.test
vagrant_synced_folders:
  - local_path: .
    destination: /var/www/newsitename.test
```

### Basic Settings
Basic Configuration can be found in `/wp-drupalvm/config/config.yml`. All of
these settings can be overwritten in your `local.config.yml`


### Special Notes
By default we are installing the following
* XDebug
* wp-cli


##### Wrong Directory?
Sometimes when running vagrant up the first time, nginx points to 
`/var/www/html` instead of `/var/www/wp-drupalvm/web`. Most often, 
running `vagrant reload --provision` will correct this.
If that doesn't work you may need to edit 
`/etc/nginx/sites-enabled/wp-drupalvm.test.conf` to set the root to 
`/var/www/wp-drupalvm/web`. This is around line 41. 
Then run `sudo /etc/init.d/nginx restart`. Still trying to figure this one out.

```
server {
        listen 80 default_server;
        listen [::]:80 default_server;

        # SSL configuration
        #
        # listen 443 ssl default_server;
        # listen [::]:443 ssl default_server;
        #
        # Note: You should disable gzip for SSL traffic.
        # See: https://bugs.debian.org/773332
        #
        # Read up on ssl_ciphers to ensure a secure configuration.
        # See: https://bugs.debian.org/765782
        #
        # Self signed certs generated by the ssl-cert package
        # Don't use them in a production server!
        #
        # include snippets/snakeoil.conf;

        root /var/www/wp-drupalvm/public;

```

### Potential Fixes if you have issues
Sometimes, you will hang on `Mounting NFS shared folders...`

* This _might_ be fixed by (re)installing vbguest using the command `vagrant plugin install vagrant-vbguest`
* Sometimes the system clock gets thrown off. Restart your computer and try again
* VPN's can also cause issues. If possible, disconnect from the VPN and try again

### ToDo's
* Figure out why nginx is, occasionally, pointing to the wrong directory
